Grandpa, it's back.
Grandpa, this is Yunnan's old class Zhang Pu'er.
Please try it, hope you like it.
Hahaha ok
Hey, how do you know I'm good at this?
Because of our grandfather.
Always mention you
I know your preferences
I can also massage
I'll give you a try.
Oh, right, Jing.
How are you getting along with Zhenzhen?
Grandpa, he brought me back to see you
What do you think, hahahaha, yes.
How about this?
Next week I call the shots and arrange your engagement
How about really?
No objection
Hmm, it's not up to you
It's a promise.
Grandpa, it's all up to you
Miss Renman
Please cover your eyes with respect
Even if you don't understand
You will be me too
I will not marry you
unless
Do you want Miss Xu
Reach column